feature(InlineEditing): UXD-781 (#939)
acl-services/paprika: packages/InlineEditing/stories/InlineEditing.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import Blocks, { Block } from "storybook/components/Blocks";
import { getStoryName } from "storybook/storyTree";
import { AppInlineInput } from "./examples/InlineInput.simple.js";
import TextAreaStory from "./examples/Textarea.js";
import InputStory from "./examples/Input.js";
import TableStory from "./examples/Table.js";
import Toast from "../../Toast/src";

import { ListBoxSingleStory, ListBoxMultipleStory } from "./examples/ListBox.js";

export const params = {
  options: {
    isToolshown: true,
    showPanel: false,
  },
};

<Meta title={`${getStoryName("InlineEditing")}/Docs`} parameters={params} />

<Toast kind={Toast.types.kind.WARNING} hasCloseButton={false}>
  Work in progress ahead, this component still requires some more work to be ready for production, but the API is
  stable, so you can start integrating it into your application.
</Toast>

# Inline Editing

> The `<InlineEditing />` component allows you to display two values for the user one when the componet is not in editing mode and an input whenever the user interact and set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<InlineEditing />` component allows you to display two values to the user: one when the component is not in editing mode and an input whenever the user interact and set
```

> The `<InlineEditing />` component allows you to display two values to the user: one when the component is not in editing mode and an input whenever the user interact and set

Reviewer 2: From what I can see, there is NOT an `<InlineEditing>` component, it's just an `InlineEditing` package with an `<Editor>` and a `<Table>` component...? (and maybe the other inline editable inputs _should_ also be exported?)

Author: Yeap indeed is a package with multiple components:

- Editor
- Table
- ListBox
- Input
- Textarea

I should reword that. 

> (and maybe the other inline editable inputs should also be exported?) 

The are exported as individual packages via `@paprika/inlinline-editing/lib/ListBox`

those are independents components, is interesting maybe there is not even a reason for an index in this set of components.

the component into editing mode.

## How does it works?

> The InlineEditing package includes a component name `<Editor />` that you can use to encapsulated this kind of interaction. The `<Editor />` Component comes with two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InlineEditing package includes a component name `<Editor />` that you can use to encapsulate this kind of interaction. The `<Editor />` Component comes with two
```

> subcomponent `<Editor.Value />` and `<Editor.Edit />`. This two component will switch between each other whenever the prop `isEditing` on the `Editor` component chages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subcomponents: `<Editor.Value />` and `<Editor.Edit />`. These two components will switch between each other whenever the prop `isEditing` on the `Editor` component changes.
```

> The following is an example of usign the Editor component to build a simple Text (value) `->` Text (input) interaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of using the Editor component to build a simple Text (value) `->` Text (input) interaction:
```

  function handleClick() {
    onClick();
  }

  function submit() {
    onSubmit({ nextValue: refInput.current.value });
  }

  return (
    <Editor onEdit={() => {}} isEditing={isEditing} onClick={handleClick}>
      <Editor.Edit>
        {/** we are going to only report back when the user hits Enter */}
        <Input
          defaultValue={value}
          type="text"
          ref={refInput}
          onKeyUp={event => {
            if (event.key === "Enter") {
              submit();
            }
          }}
        />
      </Editor.Edit>
      <Editor.Value>
        <span style={{ textDecoration: "underline" }}>{value}</span>
      </Editor.Value>
    </Editor>
  );
}

export function App() {
  const [value, setValue] = React.useState("Click on it to edit it");
  const [isEditing, setIsEditing] = React.useState(false);

  function handleClick() {
    setIsEditing(true);
  }

  function handleSubmit({ nextValue }) {
    setValue(nextValue);
    setIsEditing(false);
  }

  // prettier-ignore
  return (
    <InlineInput 
      value={value} 
      onClick={handleClick} 
      isEditing={isEditing} 
      onSubmit={handleSubmit} 
    />
  )
}
```

  </Block>
</Blocks>

> The previous example is a simple attempt to create a InlineEditng Input, to have it fully functionable will still required more work with the keyboard interactions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous example is a simple attempt to create an InlineEditng Input. To have it fully functional will still require more work with the keyboard interactions,
```

add focus onClick, cancel it onKeyUp === "Escape", etc.

> An because wiring a fully functionally InlineEditing component can be tedious and tricky to make it work properly, we currently are providing three components ready to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And because wiring a fully functionally InlineEditing component can be tedious and tricky to make it work properly, we are currently providing three components ready to use:
```

- Input type text
- TextArea
- ListBox

> ## Available InlineEditing Components

Author: > Seems like you definitely do intend to provide these three components to the consumer

Yeap i'm providing those to the consumer but not from an index.js file instead of by `lib/component` option.

Is easier to have all these compose component in the same package, imagine changing one prop or requirement and have to go to `n` packages to update the pacakge.json plus changelog per change. It would just add unnecessary complexity. 

plus

`import ListBox from "@paprika/inline-editing/lib/ListBox"`

make it really clear what are you doing and what are you trying to solve.

### Input

<Blocks>
  <Block>
    <InputStory />
  </Block>
  <Block>

```jsx
import Input from "@paprika/inline-editing/lib/Input";

const [isEditing, setIsEditing] = React.useState(false);

<Textarea
  value="your value"
  onSubmit={handleSubmit}
  onEditingClose={() => setIsEditing(false)}
  onEditingOpen={() => setIsEditing(true)}
  isEditing={isEditing}
/>;
```

  </Block>
</Blocks>

### TextArea

<Blocks>
  <Block>
    <TextAreaStory />
  </Block>
  <Block>

```jsx
import TextArea from "@paprika/inline-editing/lib/Textarea";

const [isEditing, setIsEditing] = React.useState(false);

<Textarea
  value="your value"
  onSubmit={handleSubmit}
  onEditingClose={() => setIsEditing(false)}
  onEditingOpen={() => setIsEditing(true)}
  isEditing={isEditing}
/>;
```

  </Block>
</Blocks>

### ListBox

<Blocks>
  <Block>
    <ListBoxSingleStory />
    <div style={{ width: "100%", height: "44px" }}></div>
    <ListBoxMultipleStory />
  </Block>
  <Block>

```jsx
import ListBox from "@paprika/inline-editing/lib/ListBox";

const [isEditing, setIsEditing] = React.useState(false);

/** 

>   Be aware that ListBox isMulti and the single select option have a different signature for the onChange and onEditing event 

Reviewer: They dont look different, lol

Reviewer: Ok so then the line two under this comment is incorrect and should be:
```
isMulti={false} (index, options, selectedIndex, {options})
```
?

  isMulti={true} ([indexes], options, selectedIndex, {options})
  isMulti={false} ([indexes], options, selectedIndex, {options})
*/
<ListBox
  isEditing={isEditing}
  onChange={() => {}}
  onClose={() => {}}
  onEditing={() => {}}
  onSubmit={handleSubmit}
  value={value}
>
  {someOptions.map(subscription => (
    <ListBox.Option value={subscription} isSelected={subscription === value} key={subscription}>
      {subscription}
    </ListBox.Option>
  ))}
</ListBox>;
```

  </Block>
</Blocks>

## onSubmit vs onChange

> The inline-editing components provide two different callbacks onChange and onSubmit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inline-editing component provides two different callbacks:
```

> - `onChange` Will fire each time the component get an interaction from the user. (typing, selecting, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onChange` Will fire each time the component gets an interaction from the user. (typing, selecting, etc)
```

> - `onSubmit` Will fire only after the user either clicks `enter` (for certain components) or clicks outside of the editing state (onBlur)

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about the name of this callback – `onSubmit` already has a specific meaning for forms, and this is not that.  Maybe `onFinishEditing`?

Also, does this mean it will fire twice if the user presses `enter` and then `tab`?

Author: depending on tab, if tab is exiting the input will fire submit, if its inside of it will don't do anything, submit occurs either by press the key Enter or onblur, Tab doesn't have any play on the trigger.

> - `onSubmit` Will occurs only after the user either click `enter` (for certain component) or click outside of the editing state (onBlur)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onSubmit` Will fire only after the user either clicks `enter` (for certain components) or clicks outside of the editing state (onBlur)
```

> **NOTE:** if the user clicks `Esc` the onSubmit event will not fire. We aren't providing a `onEscape` callback neither, therefore would be hard to rollback an interaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** if the user clicks `Esc` the onSubmit event will not fire. We aren't providing an `onEscape` callback either, therefore it would be hard to rollback an interaction
```

> for an user if your are using the onChange event to update your component, for that purpose the `onSubmit` event is more stable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for a user if your are using the onChange event to update your component, for that purpose the `onSubmit` event is more stable.
```

## Within a Table

> The InlineEditing packages offers as well a Table component which compose the [Table](https://github.com/acl-services/paprika/tree/master/packages/Table) component to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InlineEditing package also offers a Table component which compose the [Table](https://github.com/acl-services/paprika/tree/master/packages/Table) component to provide
```

> an inline editing experience in a table to use it is quite straighfoward:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an inline editing experience in a table. To use it is quite straightforward:
```
